README.md, before:

Construction-Lectures-Spring-2015
=====================

IPython Notebooks that contain lectures on Temporary Structures

[Github.io page](http://damontallen.github.io/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/)

####Static Notebooks

Week 0

* [Course Introduction](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%200%20-%20Greetings.ipynb)
* [Course Introduction - Web only](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%200%20-%20Greetings%20-%20Web%20only.ipynb)
                        
Week 1

* [Class Introduction](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%201%20-%20Class%20Introduction.ipynb)
* [Class Introduction - Web only](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%201%20-%20Class%20Introduction%20-%20Web%20only.ipynb)
* [How to Complete Team and Individual Assignments](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%201%20-%20How%20to%20Complete%20Team%20and%20Individual%20Assignments.ipynb)

Week 2

* [Introduction to Wood as a Building Material](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%202%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Wood%20as%20a%20Building%20Material.ipynb)
* [Tributary Width vs Tributary Area](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%202%20-%20Tributary%20Width%20vs%20Tributary%20Area.ipynb)
* [Introduction to the Timber Code](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%202%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Timber%20NDS.ipynb)

Week 3

* [Timber Beams](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%203%20-%20Timber%20Beam%20Lecture.ipynb)

Week 4

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%204%20-%20Euler%20Buckling.ipynb">Euler Buckling</a>
* [Timber Columns](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%204%20-%20Timber%20Column%20Lecture.ipynb)

Week 5

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Braced%20Wall%20(Part%20-%201%20Compression%20Bracing).ipynb">Bracing Introduction (Part 1 - Compresion Bracing)</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Braced%20Wall%20(Part%20-%202%20Tension%20Bracing%20with%20Fasteners)%20.ipynb">Bracing Introduction (Part 2 - Wall Form Tension Bracing)</a>
* [Slab Bracing](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Slab%20Braces.ipynb)
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Bracing%20Stiffness%20Requirements.ipynb">Bracing Stiffness Requirements</a>

Week 6

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Importance%20of%20Formwork%20Safety.ipynb">Importance of Formwork Safety</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Importance%20of%20Formwork%20Safety%20-%20Web%20only.ipynb">Importance of Formwork Safety - Web only version</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Types%20of%20Concrete%20Form%20Work.ipynb">Types of Concrete Formwork</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Span%20Length%20Derivations.ipynb">Span Length Derivations</a>

Week 7

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%207%20-%20Wall%20Forms.ipynb">Wall Forms</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%207%20-%20Wall%20Forms%20-%20Using%20Tables.ipynb">Wall Forms - Using Formwork Tables</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%207%20-%20Wall%20Form%20Lab%20Supplement.ipynb">Wall Form Lab Supplement</a>

Week 8

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%208%20-%20Column%20Forms.ipynb">Column Forms</a>

Week 9

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%209%20-%20Slab%20Forms.ipynb">Formwork for Slabs</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%209%20-%20Slab%20Forms%20-%20Using%20Tables.ipynb">Slab Forms - Using Formwork Tables</a>

Week 10

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2010%20-%20Reshoring.ipynb">Slab Reshoring</a>

Week 11

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2011%20-%20Scaffolding.ipynb">Scaffold Design</a>


Week 12

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2012%20-%20Excavation.ipynb">Excavation Shoring</a>


Week 13

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2013%20-%20Equipment.ipynb">Equipment</a>


Additional Information

* [Rubrics and Excel Help](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Rubrics%20and%20Excel%20Help.ipynb)

References

 <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Resources.ipynb">Opensource software credit</a>

Commit message:

Update README to encourage contact.

README.md, after:

Construction-Lectures University of Florida college of Construction Management
=====================

IPython Notebooks that contain lectures on Temporary Structures

[Github.io page](http://damontallen.github.io/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/)

#### License Information

As I was paid to develop the original version of this course (see [here](https://github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures)) the owner of the copyright of this course is in question.
That being said, if you wish to contribute to the quality of this course, the software
libraries I developed to automate the calculations (which I hold the copyright to) can
be made available to you for use and development.  Those are not publicly available
since the current iteration of this course involves a fair amount of hand work and
some of my students could bypass the work by using the same software to answer the
questions that was used to create them. 

I am currently working on a graduate version of this course where the students
write the software necessary to solve the problems rather than just solving the
problem assigned.  I am in the trial and development phase of this change.  If you
wish to collaborate on that project feel free to contact me and access to my private 
repository can be arranged.  I would appreciate input on appropriate licensing
on that course.  It is something that I would like to be more open but the more
software that is added to that repo. the more closed it would have to be to prevent
cheating.

If you are viewing this site and are not a member of one of my classes, please drop
me a line.  I don't get enough traffic that github tracks it and I would like to 
just get to know who reads this aside from my students.

####Static Notebooks

Week 0

* [Course Introduction](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%200%20-%20Greetings.ipynb)
* [Course Introduction - Web only](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%200%20-%20Greetings%20-%20Web%20only.ipynb)
                        
Week 1

* [Class Introduction](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%201%20-%20Class%20Introduction.ipynb)
* [Class Introduction - Web only](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%201%20-%20Class%20Introduction%20-%20Web%20only.ipynb)
* [How to Complete Team and Individual Assignments](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%201%20-%20How%20to%20Complete%20Team%20and%20Individual%20Assignments.ipynb)

Week 2

* [Introduction to Wood as a Building Material](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.github.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%202%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Wood%20as%20a%20Building%20Material.ipynb)
* [Tributary Width vs Tributary Area](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%202%20-%20Tributary%20Width%20vs%20Tributary%20Area.ipynb)
* [Introduction to the Timber Code](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%202%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Timber%20NDS.ipynb)

Week 3

* [Timber Beams](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%203%20-%20Timber%20Beam%20Lecture.ipynb)

Week 4

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%204%20-%20Euler%20Buckling.ipynb">Euler Buckling</a>
* [Timber Columns](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%204%20-%20Timber%20Column%20Lecture.ipynb)

Week 5

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Braced%20Wall%20(Part%20-%201%20Compression%20Bracing).ipynb">Bracing Introduction (Part 1 - Compresion Bracing)</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Braced%20Wall%20(Part%20-%202%20Tension%20Bracing%20with%20Fasteners)%20.ipynb">Bracing Introduction (Part 2 - Wall Form Tension Bracing)</a>
* [Slab Bracing](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Slab%20Braces.ipynb)
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%205%20-%20Bracing%20Stiffness%20Requirements.ipynb">Bracing Stiffness Requirements</a>

Week 6

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Importance%20of%20Formwork%20Safety.ipynb">Importance of Formwork Safety</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Importance%20of%20Formwork%20Safety%20-%20Web%20only.ipynb">Importance of Formwork Safety - Web only version</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Types%20of%20Concrete%20Form%20Work.ipynb">Types of Concrete Formwork</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%206%20-%20Span%20Length%20Derivations.ipynb">Span Length Derivations</a>

Week 7

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%207%20-%20Wall%20Forms.ipynb">Wall Forms</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%207%20-%20Wall%20Forms%20-%20Using%20Tables.ipynb">Wall Forms - Using Formwork Tables</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Week%207%20-%20Wall%20Form%20Lab%20Supplement.ipynb">Wall Form Lab Supplement</a>

Week 8

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%208%20-%20Column%20Forms.ipynb">Column Forms</a>

Week 9

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%209%20-%20Slab%20Forms.ipynb">Formwork for Slabs</a>
* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%209%20-%20Slab%20Forms%20-%20Using%20Tables.ipynb">Slab Forms - Using Formwork Tables</a>

Week 10

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2010%20-%20Reshoring.ipynb">Slab Reshoring</a>

Week 11

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2011%20-%20Scaffolding.ipynb">Scaffold Design</a>


Week 12

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2012%20-%20Excavation.ipynb">Excavation Shoring</a>


Week 13

* <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/urls/raw.githubusercontent.com/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/master/Week%2013%20-%20Equipment.ipynb">Equipment</a>


Additional Information

* [Rubrics and Excel Help](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Rubrics%20and%20Excel%20Help.ipynb)

References

 <a href="http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/damontallen/Construction-Lectures-Fall-2014/blob/master/Resources.ipynb">Opensource software credit</a>
